start
Patriarch Sima
Why are you here?
I take a few small things from each warehouse.
You want us to do it?
Master Sima will fight with you today
The immortals of the warehouse selection group are also difficult to save
We have made a clean break with the Cangxue Group
Please also ask the Sima family head to accept
Wu Qianxue
I think you might as well kneel down and donate to the Warehouse Blood Group
Maybe this Sima Clan Leader will let a way out
Patriarch Sima
I'll ask him to kneel down for you
Changfeng Group
announce
Cancel the Heavenly List mission immediately
Ten times the long gold compensation to Cangxue Group
Changfeng Group's mission has been cancelled
Ten times the compensation has arrived.
What task is cancelled?
10 times compensation
What's going on here?
Why should we take the initiative to cancel the mission?
I have to lose money to them.
Don't you shut up?
Here's your say
There are still 10 seconds left until the end of the Tianbang mission